README.md, before:

## PollUp Development Repository
To run the site locally, within the pollup-v1 folder use the command:

```npm run dev```

## Short-Term Roadmap
- Good looking homepage [*done-ish*]
- ~~A logo of sorts~~ [**Done!**]
- Good looking profile page
- Good looking settings page [Ongoing]
- Responsive design! [Ongoing]
- ~~Updating home feed (with just all posts to start)~~ [**Done!**]
- Refresh functionality on home
- Suggested users to follow or trending topics on the right side of desktop on home [Ongoing]
- Posts become more interactable and updates are reflected on the server side [Ongoing]
- Ability to follow and unfollow users
- Ability to see who you're following and who follows you
- Notifications page
- Search page
- ~~Make the create page just be a modal thing that pops up, instead of its own page~~ [Done!]
- Trending posts or topics or tags in the suggestions pane (new card?)
- Fully implement polls having a 'closing' time [Ongoing]

## Long-term Roadmap
- Come up with a genuine color palette and design language to apply site-wide
- Create or outsource the work for a genuine logo and app icons
- Login with oAuth (Google, Apple)
- Recommendation algorithm
- Search suggestions
- Optimizations (server-side rendering, quicker loading)
- Marketing, ads on platform

Commit message:

Added dynamic post page routing, id obfuscation for post ids (in url), prettified posts a bit

README.md, after:

## PollUp Development Repository
To run the site locally, within the pollup-v1 folder use the command:

```npm run dev```

## Short-Term Roadmap
- Good looking homepage [*done-ish*]
- ~~A logo of sorts~~ [**Done!**]
- Good looking profile page
- Good looking settings page [Ongoing]
- Responsive design! [Ongoing]
- ~~Updating home feed (with just all posts to start)~~ [**Done!**]
- Refresh functionality on home
- Suggested users to follow or trending topics on the right side of desktop on home [Ongoing]
- Posts become more interactable and updates are reflected on the server side [Ongoing]
- ~~Dynamic page routing for posts (like users)~~ [**Done!**]
- Ability to follow and unfollow users
- Ability to see who you're following and who follows you
- Notifications page
- Search page
- ~~Make the create page just be a modal thing that pops up, instead of its own page~~ [**Done!**]
- Trending posts or topics or tags in the suggestions pane (new card?)
- Fully implement polls having a 'closing' time [Ongoing]

## Long-term Roadmap
- Come up with a genuine color palette and design language to apply site-wide
- Create or outsource the work for a genuine logo and app icons
- Login with oAuth (Google, Apple)
- Recommendation algorithm
- Search suggestions
- Optimizations (server-side rendering, quicker loading)
- Marketing, ads on platform
